chore: Update tools from the plugin qualitiy guidelines (#1682)
shopware/docs: resources/guidelines/testing/store/quality-guidelines-plugins/index.md

* Link: [Developer Documentation Cypress Tests for Shopware 6](../../../../../guides/plugins/plugins/testing/end-to-end-testing)
* Link: [Cypress Tests for Shopware 6](https://github.com/shopware/shopware/tree/trunk/src/Administration/Resources)

### Useful tool for app development and extension managment

> The [`shopware-cli`](https://github.com/shopware/shopware-cli) is a useful tool for building, validating and uploading new Shopware 6 app releases to the Community Store. It also allows you to manage the store description and images of your apps efficiently.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The [`shopware-cli`](https://github.com/shopware/shopware-cli) is a useful tool for building, validating and uploading new Shopware 6 plugin releases to the Community Store. It also allows you to manage the store description and images of your plugins efficiently.
```

### Helpful tools for app developers

* Link: [`shopware-cli`](https://github.com/shopware/shopware-cli) Tool for validating and uploading new Shopware 6 app releases to the Community Store.

> * Link: [`sw-cli-tools` / console helpers](https://github.com/shopwareLabs/sw-cli-tools)

Reviewer 2: this is not really maintained anymore

Author: I removed it from the "list" and adjusted the description accordingly.
